so uh myself soet tan I'm vice president
for health agency so we take care of
Health product so recently we talked
about the Elevate product that we have
launched so there are the four major
features about the product that I will
again brief you so infinite care was one
where the customer can take an x amount
of and number of amount of claim in his
once once in his lifetime then was a
power booster we can where in his policy
us uh gets doubled every year so if he
buy the 10 lakh policy it becomes 20
lakhs the next year this is again an add
on cover next 10 years a 10 lak policy
will become a one CR policy and so on
and so forth right third was the jump
start that we talked about where in a
customer if he has a ped so he can get
the cover from 31st day as in the normal
policy if you see ped has different
different uh somebody covers it in two
years some covers it in three years the
jump start it gets covered in 31st day
only then there was an unlimited some
insured uh add-on feature that we had
where a customer can buy unlimited some
insure policy so these are the major
features that we have in our product
apart from these features we have some
18 add-on covers that a customer can buy
depending upon his needs so we had
brought in a modular CHC product right
wherein if a customer needs some of the
other addon he can pick and choose and
he can get a premium and get his policy
done so now it's totally dependent on
the customer see and again this product
is again based on AI that we talked
about so we'll actually give customer an
added Advantage we'll recommend him a
plan this is the best suited plan for
that particular customer so if depending
upon the demography depending upon his
family size depending upon what age he's
into right depending upon his income
everything so we'll curate a plan for
him and we will recommend a plan to that
customer so these are the major features
that we have launched in this product
what is the main launches
so the main reason is that we want to
see again if you see today India as a
country we are only we have only 5%
penetration in health insurance space so
we want to grow we are already number
one in all other segments we want to be
number one in health space as
well the
market so q1 if I talk about uh is 2.9%
market share in health space and overall
health this is retail health I'm talking
about 2.9% and overall health space if
we see uh taking into Cent the group
business as well so we are at 11.4% and
see we as an organization want to be at
the top see that is called a jump start
feature where in there are five
lifestyle diseases so there is asema
there is obesity hypertension hyper
lipidemia so all these diseases are
taking into these are called lifestyle
diseases so if a customer Ops for that
jump start addon cover he starts getting
his ped cover pre-existing disease cover
from the 31st day if it doesn't take
that cover it is a threee waiting period
in the PED if it takes that cover it
comes down to 31
days canc no only five lifestyle
diseases obesity hypertension hyper
lipidemia
asema so these are for
lifestyle thank you
[Music]
a